Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
c)
(gentle music)
- Renee. I just happened
upon a window display.
you'll never believe
what is front and center.
so if you had anything to
do with this. thank you.
A European book tour?
For how long?
And when-ish do I leave Seattle?
Good thing I
renewed my passport.
- For those of you
just joining us.
I'm here with my old
friend Ben Livingston.
CEO of Charmed Snowboards.
which. if you don't know.
are flying off the shelves.
- Demand's been off the charts.
Actually. we outgrew our
local manufacturing space-
- And I hear you're taking
the show on the road.
- Yeah. you might say that.
We're actually preparing to open
a whole new factory in Asia.
and I'll be living over there
until it's up and running.
- If you ever need
someone to test
a new prototype. I'm around.
- I'll remember that.
(host laughs)
- Don't go anywhere.
we'll be right back.
(Cara sighs)
Thanks for coming. I know this
was a last minute request.
- Please. after I
canceled on you last time.
it's the least I could do.
Thanks.
- A destination wedding in Rome?
That's a valid reason.
- Almost wedding in Rome.
We're still very
happily engaged.
Between my work and the
success of Cara's second book.
scheduling's been tough.
- Sure it wasn't just cold feet?
- Cara. you want
to chime in here?
- Oh!
Hello!
- Hi.
- Congrats on your new book.
- Thank you.
- I was just asking
Ben about-
- Our wedding?
Yeah. it's still on.
it's just on hold.
- But not for long.
We're actually about to kick
the planning into high gear.
What do they say. second
time's the charm. right?
(Ben chuckles)
- [Cara] I'll tell
Megan I'm running late.
thanks to your
shameless book plug.
- It wasn't shameless.
The whole country
agrees with me.
it's a national bestseller.
- Might be an international one.
Renee's sending me
on a European tour.
it starts in two weeks.
- That's amazing!
- But I'll be gone
for two months.
- Two months. that's
when I leave for Asia.
- We were so close with Rome.
- When am I gonna see you?
- We'll plan rendezvous
here. a few hours there.
- No.
- No?
- Let's say "yes" to each
other before you leave.
No more uncertainty.
no more rumors.
- Wait. what exactly
are you thinking?
- I think the courthouse
opens at eight.
- You want to get
married tomorrow?
- With our schedules?
The sooner the better.
What do you think?
Could that work?
- Yes!
Yes. yes. yes!
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
(gentle music)
- I can see your breath.
It must be-
- Cold?
(Megan chuckles)
- I miss that.
Add it to the list. Please.
- Have I mentioned
how proud I am of you?
- Because of Surgeons Abroad?
Not on this particular call. no.
(Megan chuckles)
- You are literally
living your dreams.
Making a difference where
you're really needed.
- Yeah. and I love
it. I really do.
I just miss you. like a lot.
Like a lot a lot.
Did I ever mentioned that?
- Not on this particular call.
- Okay. I understand.
Miss Executive.
You're they're building
a magazine. which I love.
but you don't have
enough time to miss me?
- Oh. come on. you know I
miss you too. like crazy.
- Hi. Sean.
- Oh.
- Hey!
What's up with that big smile?
- I might be getting married.
- [Megan] Oh. did
you set a date?
- Yup. Tomorrow.
- What?!
- I know. it's a bit nutty. but-
- No. let's do it! Let's do it!
(both laughing)
- Courthouse wedding.
Congratulations.
(Megan chuckles)
- I never said "courthouse."
- I mean. Ben may
have texted me.
Maybe not. but you know.
- Oh. Word travels fast.
Should I get the
three of us a table?
- Oh. no. no. no.
We do not have time to eat. you
need an outfit for tomorrow.
- Oh.
- We gotta go.
- Well. okay.
(Megan chuckles)
(gentle music)
What about...
- That's the one.
It's perfect.
- It's perfect with
my highest heels.
But we're walking
to the courthouse.
- Ah. it's two blocks away.
And you'll be walking on air.
(Megan chuckles)
(Cara sighs)
- Are you sure this
is a good idea?
- Are we still talking
about the shoes?
- Are we rushing this?
I tried calling my dad. but I-
- He'll understand.
He'll be thrilled.
And besides. you guys
can throw a big party
when everyone's back in town.
At the end of the day.
you gotta do what's
best for you and Ben.
- What would I do without you?
- Yeah.
(Cara chuckles)
I guess an elopement
calls for action shots.
- You guys are a beautiful blur.
You look ridiculously in love.
- Aww. 'Cause we are.
- And we're ridiculously stoked
that in just few minutes.
we're gonna be husband and wife.
(cellphone ringing)
(Megan chuckles)
- Ooh.
(Cara gasps)
- It's my dad.
(camera snaps)
Should I answer? What do I say?
I haven't even told him yet.
- It's up to you.
(Cara sighs)
- He was so excited for Rome.
to walk me down the aisle.
(Cara sighs)
I'm not sure I can do this.
- So then we wait.
Besides. you deserve
your moment. your dress.
- And you deserve to
see me in that dress.
- And I deserve to take you
shopping for that dress.
(both chuckling)
(camera snaps)
(Cara sighs)
- Looks like I've
got you cornered.
That's checkmate. mate.
- It's probably for the best
we're postponing it. right?
For one. I wouldn't feel right
without having you
as my best man.
- Don't wait on me.
Look. one thing
that I have learned
in the field is that
life can't wait.
Just have to do what
you can. when you can.
- Words to live by.
- Words that have running
through my head a lot lately.
- You mean with Megan?
- Dude. she's the one.
I know it. There's
no doubt in my mind.
- So what's stopping
you from proposing?
- What makes you think I don't
already have something
in the works?
- Hm.
- Shh.
(gentle music)
- [Ben] Looks like the pizza's
running even later than I am.
- [Cara] I'd call it a tie.
Thank you.
- Thanks.
Half jalapeno. half
bacon pineapple?
It's like we're married already.
- I think marriage is a
little more complicated
than knowing each other's
favorite toppings.
- True. also need to
know how to pair them.
Should I get some wine?
- Oh. Tempting. but I shouldn't.
I've been texting
with my book agent.
- Oh. About the tour?
- About breakfast.
Translation: she wants the
scoop on the third book.
- Wow. She never
lets up. does she?
- That's kind of her job.
I just wish I had a better sense
of how the last book in
the trilogy should end.
- It's gonna be your best yet.
- Can I get a slice
of that confidence?
- Actually. yes.
(Cara laughs)
(Ben chuckles)
- Thank you.
- Look. fans are clamoring
for your next book.
If that's not a boost.
I don't know what is.
Now. you want my opinion.
as much as I love your idea
that the detectives share
intel now they're married.
I kinda like that Brad
still hasn't told Greta
he's working deep
cover for the CIA.
- Thanks. I just
wouldn't recommend it
for a real marriage.
- Nonsense.
Little secret here and
there keeps things exciting.
- Think it depends
on the secret.
- Here's to you.
"The Girl Who Lost Her Path"
is out in 12 languages.
- Can you pinch me?
I mean. I've dreamt
of this. but-
- Trust me. you're awake.
Brad and Greta are in love.
but they're also
suspicious of each other.
What reader could put that down?
So. spill.
How do we close out the trilogy?
- Well. I'm not gonna lie.
I've been a bit distracted.
But I have a title: "The
Girl Who Slipped Away."
- Love.
So you must have some idea.
- Well. I'm still debating
whether Brad should come clean
to Greta about his
work in the CIA.
I mean. I would wanna know.
- Readers love mysteries.
I. on the other hand.
like to know exactly
what my writers are up to.
- Well. I can definitely put
some more thought into it.
- You won't have time to sleep
or eat on tour. let alone think.
Can you pitch me something
with a little bit
more meat before you fly out?
How's the 10th?
- The last weekend
before I leave?
I was hoping to spend
a little time with Ben.
But the 10th sounds great.
(Cara sighs)
(elevator bell dings)
(people chattering)
(elevator door opens)
- Sorry.
- No problem.
- [Zoey] Ooh.
(Zoey groans)
- Sure you don't need a hand?
- Does the CEO offer to help
any of the other interns?
I'm not your baby-
- "Baby sister anymore.
I've got this." I know.
(Zoey sighs)
- This was supposed to be
dressing and bacon on the side.
- Okay. well. when you fix that.
you wanna sit in on
my three o'clock?
I'm meeting with the CFO.
- Oh. What for?
- The usual. He'll harass
me to diversify our assets.
- And is that a bad thing?
- Not necessarily.
I think I'd just rather put
the money back in the company.
- Well. that sounds
like a blast.
but I have to do
the coffee run then.
- Okay.
- I want to pay my dues here.
just like everyone else.
And to be honest.
I'm learning a lot.
Like. don't mess up
Frank's nicoise. so...
I better go back
and fix this too.
- Okay.
- Oh. hey. before I forget.
do you have any plans
the weekend of the 9th?
- Like. next weekend?
No. Why?
- Just checking.
(gentle music)
- [Recording] Just a
two-hour drive from Seattle.
our newly remodeled lodge is-
(line clicks)
- Clara Lake.
This is Daniel.
- Oh.
Hi. I was hoping to speak to
a manager. to book a chalet?
- Well. you've got
one. and I'm on it.
Feels like the whole city
is trying to get up here.
- Oh? Why's that?
- We just got a spring surprise.
14 inches of fresh powder.
- Oh. Great.
Well. is chalet 19
still available?
- Ooh.
Unfortunately. chalet
19 is blocked off.
For a wedding.
- A wedding.
(door opens)
Wow. that's kinda genius.
(door closes)
I never thought of it
as a wedding venue.
- Pretty soon. all
of Seattle will.
once this hits the press.
It's a big mystery writer and
the Charmed Snowboards guy.
Do you know what
the best part is?
They met there.
- That is romantic.
- Right?
Can I interest you in
one of our other chalets?
- No thanks. I
think I'm all set.
(Ben chuckles)
- I was trying to surprise you.
- Mm.
- Which I never can.
I was just looking at
tickets for your dad.
this way. he could
come out on time.
Look. we can push it back
if it's not your speed.
- No. no.
I mean. it's kind of the
best idea ever. I just-
- Wish you'd thought of it?
- I wish we had
thought of it together.
- Yeah. Yeah. I know.
I need to get better
at that. don't I?
Look. I know that 10
days isn't enough time
to plan a birthday party.
but we could hire a
wedding planner...
- Hold on. I think I know
someone who might want the gig.
- Of course I will
plan your wedding!
Oh. I'm so happy you asked me!
So. when is it?
(pen clicking)
- Next weekend.
- Next weekend?
- I know...
- Okay. No worries. no worries.
We will get it done.
Actually. it'll be
a nice distraction.
- From work?
- No.
Sean.
Like. I was literally
just looking up
Hayden Layne's policy
on working remotely.
- Oh. do I detect a relocation
in the works. Megan?
- No. no.
I just wanna be ready
if the day ever comes.
- And what's the policy
with Surgeons Abroad?
- Spouses only.
- Mm. Shoot.
- Which is why.
for the next week.
I'm going to immerse
myself in making
your special day
the best day ever.
So. where is the venue?
- Clara Lake.
- Of course!
Cara. it's perfect.
It's your spot.
- No. it's our spot.
all four of us.
Even if Sean can't be
there. he's still there.
And I can't do it
without my maid of honor.
(gentle music)
- [Megan] So. cedar.
- [Cara] Mm-hm.
- Pine. eucalyptus.
- Wow. I'm not sure I
know the difference.
- That's why you have me.
- Did I miss the memo that
you went foraging for greens?
- Laugh it up. but my
magazine ran a piece that said
"green and woods
are the new floral."
Allow me to convince you.
- With your wizard's staff?
- Yes. with my wizard's staff.
(both laughing)
Okay. so. hold this.
- Uh-huh.
- And this.
- Okay.
- We're gonna do a little...
Now. imagine it
covered in tea lights.
- I love it.
- Yeah?
- I'm just glad one
of us has a vision.
(both laughing)
Are you gonna have enough
time to pull this off?
- Yeah. I mean. it'll
take some prep work.
but we're getting
up there early.
I mean. what else is
there to do. right?
- Snowboard. fondue.
Oh. and Renee wants me
to pitch my third book.
- On your wedding weekend?
- I didn't know that
when I agreed to it.
- Well. you will get it done
because I will
pick up the slack.
Giving you the most incredible
wedding is my top priority.
(gentle music)
- Getting ready for
the all-hands meeting?
- Yeah. we had a few more
hands than anticipated.
- So would now be a
bad time to tell you
my wedding's back on the books?
- Stop.
Wait. is that why you were
asking me about next weekend?
Oh. you Secret Squirrel!
I should've known you
were up to something!
- Keep it down. okay?
People don't know that
nickname around here.
- Well. I do. And there's
more where that came from.
I've known you my whole life.
- Right. which is why I have
a slightly unorthodox request.
Would you be my best woman?
Sean can't make it back. and...
- Wait. Mom. can she get
back here from Australia?
- Mom's given her blessing. on
the condition you represent.
She wants you up there
with me. and so do I.
And I know that
Dad would've too.
- Of course I'll
be your best woman.
It's an honor.
I mean. not to be confused
with maid of honor.
- That's Megan.
Cara's best friend?
- Yes. Yes.
You guys all met when
I was in college.
and it's a bit of a learning
curve with the names.
- You know. she and
Cara are looking
at dresses this afternoon.
Might be nice for you
to get to know them.
- Oh. this afternoon. I
mean. what have I got?
- The lunch order?
- Yeah. Consider me there.
(both laughing)
- [Megan] Thanks for
all your help. Zoey.
- Thanks for having
me. This is so fun.
And a bit intense.
- Oh. not to fear. I
know a bridal salon
like the back of my hand.
Ooh. Cara.
I like this for
you. the Aria gown.
- And you have to
try on the Bella.
- Why do they all
have princess names?
I mean. the colors.
moonstone. moonflower.
why not just say
off white or purple?
(Zoey chuckles)
- Welcome to weddings.
- Oh. Zoey. you're disappearing.
Here. let me help you.
- No. no. no. no.
no. I got this.
- [Cara] Okay.
- I like her already.
(Cara chuckles)
- [Zoey] Meet Angelina
and Nicoletta.
- Oh. Enchantee.
- And I think we are done with
the Bella and the Delilah.
if you don't mind.
- I'd mind if you didn't.
(Megan chuckles)
- Ooh.
- Mm.
She's just like her brother.
The cabin?
So romantic.
- Romantic and unilateral.
I mean. be nice if
we could start making
these decisions as a couple.
- Oh. you know. well. every
couple has their thing.
Like. with Sean. for example.
before he went overseas.
I didn't care that we
didn't have a plan.
I just took things day by day.
because every day was amazing.
- And now?
- I see the value of a plan.
(Megan sighs)
Oh. wow.
- Bad wow. good wow?
- Good wow.
(Cara sighs)
You look like a bride.
- And you look like
a maid of honor.
- Have we found our
dresses in sync?
- I think I'm saying
yes. to both of them.
(Megan chuckles)
- [Megan] Okay. Woo!
- Let's go.
- Yes.
- How's it going?
- I think we found them.
(Zoey gasps)
Can you call the seamstress
and ask her to
take measurements?
- Sure. Anything else?
I know you're in a hurry.
- Cara. can we put
the order through?
- Aria in moonstone.
Adella in moonflower.
- Copy that.
Oh. The Aria gown in moonflower.
the Adella in moonstone.
- So. we get there tomorrow.
guests arrive Thursday.
Wine. cheese. hugs. hellos.
My mom takes over Friday
night as trivia host.
and then. Saturday.
she officiates.
And then...
- I'm married. Just like that.
- Now. all we have
to do is to get
all of this stuff up a mountain.
- Hm.
- Bride?
Check.
- You joke. but your
organizing skills are unreal.
I mean. you have
backups for my backups.
- Well. the last thing we need
is for you to get cold feet
because we forgot something.
- And I am not even gonna start
with the lifetime
supply of pine cones.
- Wait until you see
them tipped in gold
with little place
cards set in them.
- I'm sure they will
all be gorgeous.
Just promise me it's
not too much for you.
- Oh. crafting is my
zen place right now.
I'm actually really
looking forward to it.
Now. the one thing I'm not
seeing are our dresses.
What's our status?
- Right. The salon is
backed up with alterations.
but they said they would
express mail it to Clara Lake.
- And you're okay with this?
- I don't think I have a choice.
- We'll check in with them.
and then check in again.
Now. the somethings?
You've got new covered.
- Sorely lacking old.
borrowed. and blue.
- Well. I might have something
that covers your bases.
- What?
(Megan chuckles)
(Cara gasps)
What is that?
- Open it.
(Cara gasps)
- The bracelet I
made for you at camp.
- [Megan] The summer after
eighth grade. remember?
- Of course.
(Megan chuckles)
(both laughing)
I was so lucky to have you
then. and even more so now.
- Me too.
- Oh.
(Megan chuckles)
(gentle music)
- So. what's everyone most
looking forward to this weekend?
- Going back to the
place it all started.
You?
- Oh. getting a hot stone
massage. if time permits.
(Megan chuckles)
(Cara chuckles)
- I heard something about
bride and groom trivia night?
- You may be best woman.
but I suggest you
joining Team Bride.
- Oh!
- She has been scouted
by Team Groom.
- Boo.
- What about you. Ben?
What are you looking forward to?
- Maybe the day
after the wedding.
having the chalet to
ourselves for once.
- Ha ha.
(Cara chuckles)
- What?
- Cara and I met Ben and Sean
when we accidentally
double-booked the chalet.
- Right. and we shared
it begrudgingly.
and then we ended up
liking each other.
- And then realized that
we liked liked each other.
- Years later. both couples
are still going strong.
- Oh. that is so cool.
Did you and Sean get
engaged there too?
- Oh. we're sort of not.
Our relationship has had a
couple more twists and turns.
- Oh. I'm so stupid...
You were such a pro
at the bridal salon.
I thought that you-
- I was married?
No.
But who knows what the
future holds. right?
(Cara laughs)
Three seconds. guys.
Ready?
- Clara Lake!
(camera snaps)
(gentle music)
- For any and all things
you need this weekend.
consider me your point person.
And since your chalet
is being transformed
by our events team.
we have the bride in
our bachelorette suite.
and the groom and his
sister in our family suite.
all newly remodeled.
- Why all the changes?
I mean. it was so
lovely already.
(cellphone buzzes)
- Excuse me.
Yes?
- It's crazy.
- And welcome to your new abode.
We have fireplaces
in every room.
marble bathrooms loaded
with designer toiletries.
800-thread count duvets.
- Am I a bride or the queen?
- I think I've
found my workshop.
- And do not forget
about the balcony.
which neighbors the groom's
so you can make the most
of your last moments together
before you say your "I dos."
Any questions?
- Yeah. Is our suite this nice?
- Let me show you.
Right this way.
It's just around
the corner here.
- All work and no play is never
a good idea at a ski chalet.
- You know. think I saw
a movie about that once.
- Hm.
- Actually. I'm setting up
my "out of office"
reply for the first time
since 2000 and...
Never.
- Ooh. does that mean
you can get a run in?
- Well. actually.
I was kinda hoping
to get a head
start on all the...
Hey. hey. What are you doing?
What happened to "I
need to pitch my book"?
- Come on. indulge the bride.
- Okay. you're right.
(both laughing)
All right. where
are the thermals?
(gentle music)
(Cara sighs)
- You know. there's just
one problem with the setup.
I can't kiss you from over here.
- If only we could
bridge this divide.
Snowdrift ramp?
- It's never as
stable as you think.
especially this
late in the season.
- Icicle ladder?
- Believe it or not.
I've had them fail me.
- Then I guess
you're outta luck.
- No more suggestions?
- Only questions.
On the ride up. when Megan
said she wasn't engaged.
you looked like
you knew something.
- Sure you didn't imagine it?
- Do you always have
to be so mysterious?
to be so inquisitive?
- Well. hazard of the mystery
writing trade. I guess.
- [Megan] Cara. let's go!
- Guess you'll have to
settle for an air kiss.
- It never feels like settling.
- Oh. boy.
Come on.
(Ben laughs)
(gentle music)
Woo-hoo.
- [Megan] How did you
know to take me here?
- To the mountain?
- No. to this exact spot.
This is where Sean and
I did the photo shoot.
for the magazine. the
weekend we sort of.
you know. fell for each other.
- Well. then we'll have
to send him a picture.
- Oh. Yeah.
(Cara chuckles)
- Phone?
- Yes.
Yeah.
- Ready?
- Yes.
(camera snaps)
- There it is.
Oh. Sean's gonna love that one.
- What should I text him?
- "Wish you were here"?
- Hm! World's biggest
understatement.
I don't know. it might sound
cliche for me to say this.
but it feels like a piece of
me is missing without him here.
And I know he's off
helping a lot of people-
- Doesn't make it any
easier to miss him.
- I mean. you know
how long it took me
to find the right person.
and as soon as I did.
life just (exhales)
whisked him away.
- Never know. life can
whisk all sorts of things
at you when you least expect it.
- Yeah.
(Megan sighs)
What?
- What?
- Why are you looking
at me like that?
- Like what?
- Like...
(Cara laughs)
Like all...
- No reason. Let's go.
- [Megan] Okay.
(Cara sighs)
(gentle music)
- Well. we seem to have
our eye on the same board.
(Ben chuckles)
- And I seem to
be having deja vu.
- Let me guess. it's not
the right board for me?
- No. this time.
I'm sure it's right.
- Well. I'm just glad
the Wing 3 made it out
to Clara Lake
before it sold out.
- I made sure of it.
The pro shop got a few. but
most of them went to Camp Snow.
What?
- You really take care
of those Camp Snow kids.
- It's important to me.
- I know it is. and
that's why I love you.
(gentle music)
- You are way too deep in
thought for a ski resort.
- I'm just hoping
I didn't get off
on the wrong foot with Megan.
I mean. it's not
my smoothest move.
assuming she and Sean were-
- Hey. it's an honest
mistake. Don't sweat it.
- There must be something
I can do. an olive branch?
- Well. maybe you could help
her and Cara with the wedding?
- There is an awful lot
of DIY going on up there.
I mean. I'm into that.
I can paint. sew. my glue
gun game is on point.
I mean. I can even
decorate a cake.
but that's probably covered.
- [Ben] Sounds like a plan.
- Weatherly Hotels?
Why are they here?
- So. I'm thinking cheese
board here. wine display there.
and please tell me that this
piano's not just for show.
- I've already booked Goldie.
our resident piano player.
She is lovely. a
bit of a character.
- Can't wait to meet her.
- What's our cheese
lineup looking like?
- We have brie and
some hard cheeses.
And a mix of sheep and cow?
- Mm.
- And goat. I think.
- Okay. are we talking
locally sourced. artisanal?
- I tend to leave the
specifics up to the chef.
but I'm sure you could inquire.
- Where's the kitchen?
(Megan chuckles)
(Cara chuckles)
- Wow. She is on point.
- No cheeseboard unturned.
Mm.
(Cara chuckles)
- And. of course. the library.
- Hey. this wasn't here
the last time I was up.
- Oh. yeah. this
is a little exhibit
that I've been working on.
Sorry about the mess.
Most of Clara Lake's past is
packed up in archive boxes.
so I kinda decided to curate.
- Oh. This one's interesting.
- Yeah. That's Max
and Clara Deeker.
He fell head over
heels for Clara.
right around the time
he founded this resort.
- And he named it after her.
- "For better or for worse."
After they got married.
the country went to war.
and Max enlisted.
- Did he survive?
- Happily. yes.
Sadly. I'm not totally
sure their marriage did.
Couldn't find any pictures
of them together after that.
Just this one.
Max. alone at his cabin.
- 1948.
He looks so lonely up there.
I wonder what went wrong.
- I suppose you could say
it's a bit of a mystery.
- Welcome to wedding central.
- Wow. this is next level DIY.
- Well. when you work for a
magazine that covers fashion.
wedding. and decor.
it kinda rubs off.
What can I do for you?
- I came here to ask you that.
See if I could lend a hand.
- Well. how would you
rate your crafting skills?
- Well. I'm a quick
draw with a glue gun
and I got an A in penmanship.
- Well. I already started
on the calligraphy.
so I don't want to change
the look halfway through.
The party favors.
they're a little tricky.
The woodsy chandelier.
it has to be just so.
You're so sweet
to offer to help.
but delegating at this point
might make things
a little tricky.
- Oh. What are the
pine cones for?
- Oh. Those. they
need to be gilded.
Every single tip.
Have you ever used
gold leaf before?
- I gilded the mantle
at my sorority house.
so gold leaf and
I. we're old pals.
- Well. you're about to get
to know each other even better
because we have a
few more of them.
- Great. What else?
(gentle piano music)
(patrons applauding)
- Thank you.
Thank you. You're too kind.
Thank you.
- Goldie?
- The one and only.
(Cara chuckles)
And you must be my bride?
- Yes. Cara.
Daniel mentioned
you'll be playing
at our wine and cheese welcome?
- Well. I suspect you're
wondering about my range.
Let me show you my book.
(Cara chuckles)
- Oh. "Death on the Nile."
- Not that book.
(chuckles) this one.
Have you read it?
- No. It's on my list.
I'm saving it.
I'm a huge Agatha Christie fan.
- She really understood how
complicated we women are.
The only thing. in my
mind. that's better
than a good villain
is a good villainess.
- And finding out
what makes her tick.
- I'm only a few
chapters in. but so far.
this one's unlucky in love.
- Oh? How so?
- She chose a man
who keeps secrets.
- Oh.
(Cara chuckles)
- Here.
Oh. there's a good one.
(gentle music)
- Thank you.
Oh. Pardon me.
(Megan chuckles)
Hey!
- Ta-da!
All done.
(Megan gasps)
- Oh. well done.
These look fantastic.
- Well. like I said.
not my first rodeo.
(cellphone chimes)
- Oh. Can you hold that?
- Mm. oh.
- Hold on a second.
(Megan sighs)
(Megan groans)
- Everything okay?
- No. It's the bridal salon.
They say the dresses won't
be ready till tomorrow.
- Ooh. But the
wedding's in 48 hours.
- I know. which is why
I'm not gonna chance it.
I'll just go there and
pick them up myself.
Okay.
- Or I could go.
- You'd drive all that way?
- I mean. it makes way
more sense if I go.
you have so much to do here.
- I'm gonna take you
up on that. Thank you.
But not a word to Cara. okay?
I just don't want her
stressing out over it.
- Top secret. no problem.
(both chuckling)
- [Receptionist] You're
all set. Ms. Reneau.
- [Cara] Thank you.
- You know. the hair and makeup
that I booked does manicures.
- Maybe I wasn't
booking a manicure.
Maybe I was trying to surprise
my very hard-working
maid of honor
with a dual in-room
massage tomorrow.
- Me? I don't know
if I can relax.
There's just so much to do.
Don't let me stop you though.
- I was sorta hoping it would
be something we do together.
- Yes. absolutely.
I just need to check
in with the sommelier
about making sure the
temperature is just right.
- Interesting.
- Interesting that Ben
is talking to someone?
- [Cara] Closed body
posture indicates
that he's keeping
something under wraps.
- Ah. I see.
We're in mystery land again.
Okay.
- Again?
- Well. you make frequent trips.
(both laughing)
- I'm back.
- Oh. good. 'cause we
need you for the wedding.
(both laughing)
I'll see you.
- I am just gonna
take care of...
- Wait.
One more thing.
- Dad!
- You certainly chose a
beautiful place to get married.
- Oh. now it feels real.
- Well. there's nothing more
real than tying the knot.
- Well. you and Mom always
made it look so easy.
- Oh.
You know. your mom
would've loved Ben.
And seeing me walk
you down that aisle.
And I promise I won't get
all choked up and silly.
I got that out of my
system with the first-
- Almost wedding?
- Is that what they call it?
- Yeah.
Don't worry. happy tears
are always welcome.
Wow. look at how beautiful...
Oh.
(gentle piano music)
Aww.
Isn't this the song that we
danced to that first night
at the Camp Snow auction?
- The night we fell in love?
I'm not sure. I was
pretty focused on you.
- And to think. we were
strangers just a few years ago.
and now we're
about to be family.
- Zoey is so excited
to have a sister.
- Oh. so am I.
(people chattering)
- Mom!
(Michelle squeals)
Hi!
- Mm!
- Michelle!
Oh.
- Hello.
Oh!
Now. know that Gerry
wanted to be here.
but he is practically
running that convention.
(Michelle laughs)
(Megan chuckles)
Where she gets it from.
(all laughing)
- I totally understand.
How was your drive
up from Portland?
- Oh. it was fine.
I mean. I wanted to
come up last night.
but that's the thing is. when
you're hosting a radio show.
if I play hooky.
everyone notices.
(all chuckling)
But being stuck in traffic
gave me time to fine tune
those bride and groom
trivia questions.
- You are too cute.
- Speaking of which. can
I grab you for a second?
- [Cara] Oh. yeah.
- [Megan] I'll be
back in a minute.
- Go. go.
- Okay.
- Hey!
- Hey. Ray.
- [Ray] Hey. great to see you.
- Mm!
(Ray chuckles)
- What happened. Ray?
Weren't we just sending
them to prom just yesterday?
- Try kindergarten.
(Michelle sighs)
All goes by so fast.
Oh. Yes.
- [Michelle] Ah.
- To the bride and groom.
- Thank you.
And their parents.
(glasses clinking)
(gentle piano music)
- I just love your style.
- Right back at you. Ms. Reneau.
I thought you looked familiar.
Turns out. I know you
from your book jacket.
- You read my book?
- Both of them. I am a huge fan.
- Thank you.
I'm so flattered.
Don't know what to say.
- I just wanna know when
the next one's coming out.
- Oh. well. that is one mystery
that I can't quite
crack just yet.
I'm working on the
pitch this weekend.
- Hm. Find anything
to inspire you?
- This resort. actually.
So much history and
romance. tragedy.
- If I was getting married
in the next two days.
I might focus on the first two.
I play in the bar every night.
if you wanna run
anything by me...
You know. one mystery
buff to another.
- Well. I might just
take you up on that.
Oh. and how is
"Death on the Nile"-
- Oh. no. no. no. no. No.
If you're gonna read a mystery.
you've gotta unravel it.
I wouldn't dare rob you of that.
- Daniel.
- Oh. Mr. Livingston.
you startled me.
- Did you find out anything
more about what those execs
from Weatherly
Hotels were up to?
You have to admit it's strange.
a big chain like that
sniffing around Clara Lake?
- Mr. Livingston. my job
hinges on discretion.
- Yeah. of course.
I could ask around. do
some digging of my own.
but I wouldn't wanna
be any trouble.
Look. come on. is it a good
secret. or a bad secret?
- They're trying
to buy the resort.
- Yeah. okay. I would
say that's a bad secret.
What will happen to Camp Snow?
- I don't know.
I'm sorry. I really
didn't want to upset you
on your wedding weekend.
- Yeah. okay. I'm
with you on that.
Look. do me a
favor. if you could
just keep this between
us. I'd appreciate it.
(Ben sighs)
Hey. How'd you know
where to find me?
- I had a hunch.
Dad taught you to
snowboard here.
- You know me pretty well. huh?
- Yeah. I think you
might still have
a few surprises up your sleeve.
- Here's one: I was
once a camper here.
After my dad passed. money
was tight for a few years.
No more trips to the mountains.
But then. along came Camp Snow.
and it really got me
through a tough time.
I was lucky the
camp even existed.
and that this resort
hosted it for free.
- And now look at you.
paying it forward.
First. giving boards.
Now. being on the board.
(Ben chuckles)
- See what you did there.
(Cara chuckles)
- Why didn't you tell me before?
- I guess you could say
I've spent my life playing
my cards close to my chest.
- Maybe it's time to open up.
- Hm. But I only do that
over beers and brats.
How's tomorrow look?
- Why do tomorrow
what we can do today?
- I have got some
pressing matters today.
- Camp Snow stuff?
- You could say that.
- All right. well. make
sure that they know
that the day after tomorrow-
- The wedding?
- Yes.
You are all mine.
(Cara chuckles)
- Good.
- Okay.
- [Jill] Hey. Ben!
- Oh. I've been spotted.
Jill's not gonna let me leave
without throwing a few ollies.
- All right. well. I'll be
sure to send over the medic.
(Ben chuckles)
Daniel's new exhibit.
Hm.
Is it just me. or did
people seem more glamorous
in photos back then?
- I think they were
more glamorous.
(Cara chuckles)
How's the book pitch coming?
- It's starting to come along.
The romance part. anyway.
(camera snaps)
I'm basing the two detectives
on the legend of Max and Clara.
- You'll have to
refresh my memory.
- Well. from what I can gather.
the two of them
were deeply in love.
got married. then
separated by the war.
I'm not sure exactly
how things fell apart.
but there are no pictures
of them together after that.
- Hm. Isn't that a pity?
- Yeah.
I imagine that Max became
a recluse in his cabin.
- [Goldie] And Clara?
- Clara went to San
Francisco for a fresh start.
but always wondered if she had
just seen the warning signs
before she tied the knot.
if her life could've ended
up quite differently.
- Huh.
You really do have
quite the imagination.
(people chattering)
- So Max and Clara
couldn't make it work.
maybe my characters
can't either.
I don't know. what do you think?
You're the real detective.
- Retired. and on vacation.
- Still.
- Well. my advice. never
jump to conclusions.
I mean. are you sure they
didn't end up together?
- Take a look.
What do you think?
- Ah.
A stoic type.
- Dad. my stories don't
need to hold up in court.
they just need to capture
people's attention.
You see something. What is it?
- Well. based on
those buildings below.
I'll bet that cabin is near the
top of that northwest trail.
- Huh.
- Could go up and take a look.
- All right. don't let up.
If you can't find them.
I can't buy this resort.
End of story. Thanks.
- Can I borrow your car?
I'm off to Seattle on a
secret wedding mission.
- Yeah. of course.
If you tell me how much of
that phone call you just heard.
- Nothing.
Just that you're
buying the resort.
(Ben sighs)
- All right. look. you
can't tell anyone. Zoey.
- Well. I won't. but. like.
that is a weird choice
for your wedding weekend.
- I know. but I'm
not the only person
trying to buy the resort.
A big chain. Weatherly.
is trying to buy it too.
And that could mean
the end of Camp Snow.
- Well. can't you beat
them to the punch?
- That was the idea.
Trouble is. Clara Lake is owned
by three separate entities.
A venture capitalist in New York
just sold his 45% to Weatherly.
- That's not a great start.
- Another 45% belongs to
an investor in Seattle.
He's a Camp Snow donor. and
he agreed to sell to me.
- Oh. Okay. well. then
who owns the last 10%?
- That's the trouble.
a shell corporation
called Aldera Creek.
The only contact I
have is a law firm.
and they're stonewalling me.
- So close yet so far.
- Yeah.
Weatherly will walk if they
can't get a majority share.
It's just a case of who
gets to Aldera Creek first.
- Well. there has to be a
person behind the company.
- Yeah. one that doesn't
want to be found.
Look. I gotta make some
more calls. all right?
- All right.
(Zoey humming)
(Zoey sighs)
- [Cara] Oh. Off for a drive?
- Oh. Yeah!
Just a little drive.
Hence the car.
- Right. You can't tell me
where you're going. can you?
- Mm-mm.
(Zoey chuckles)
- Runs in the family.
this secretive streak?
- No. I'm an open book.
It's just Ben who's secretive.
- Oh. Well. then I'm
not the only one.
- No.
- I do wonder where
it comes from though.
- I mean. I guess it was
when our dad got sick.
- Oh. Zoey. I didn't mean-
- No. it's okay.
I mean. I was young.
and we all thought that
Dad would get better.
and I think Ben just
wanted to protect me
from the burden me of
the bad news. but...
When it came to me and my mom.
you know. he was kind
of our protector.
I guess the role kinda stuck.
(camera snaps)
(cellphone chiming)
(Megan laughs)
- Talking to Sean?
- Texting.
He gave my place card
holders two thumbs up.
- Oh.
(Megan chuckles)
Well. if you find
a stopping place.
my dad and I are gonna look
for the resort founder's
cabin if you wanna come.
- Oh. as much as I love
Clara Lake history.
I gotta get these favors
done before massage o'clock.
- If I help. it'll
go twice as fast.
- Oh. no. no no. no.
I want this weekend
to be perfect for you.
so that means no
raffia paper cuts.
- Well. I would gladly
trade all the raffia
for more time with you.
- Oh. Cara.
Why don't you ask Ben?
I'm sure your dad
would like that.
- Yeah. the more the merrier.
Just he's busy with
Camp Snow stuff.
- Hm. that's strange.
I rode the elevator with
some Camp Snow kids.
and they said the
season ended yesterday.
(gentle music)
- Don't worry. I'm not
here for more intel.
I just got a text from
my friend Sean Butler.
"Did packages from
jewelry store show?"
I think he meant "package."
- I haven't heard anything.
but I'll let you know
the moment it arrives.
- Okay. Thanks.
- Hm.
- [Ray] Know what
this reminds me of?
- [Cara] What's that?
- [Ray] When you were a kid
and used to play detective.
Whenever anyone lost their
keys. you were on the case.
- Well. I wanted to
be just like you.
(Ray chuckles)
- And you wound up
being like your mom.
you got your
creativity from her.
- Don't sell yourself short.
I got my curiosity from someone.
Speaking of which.
shouldn't the cabin
be around here somewhere?
- Yeah. think it was.
Just not anymore.
- Hey. Look.
Isn't that the same
bench from the photo?
Look at that.
- Yeah.
(gentle music)
(Cara gasps)
- Look!
MD plus CD.
Max and Clara.
- Mm. Well. maybe
they were here.
- Yeah. doesn't prove that
their marriage survived.
Just means they
were in love. once.
- Okay. so we don't
know all the answers.
But. well. missing cabin.
does that help with your book?
- At this point. couldn't hurt.
(Ray chuckles)
Thank you. again.
- [Michelle] Hey.
How are my girls?
- I am so happy we
made this happen.
I owe you a seaweed wrap.
Megan clearly needed the break.
- Well. where is she? I made
her a cup of calming tea.
- Oh. she might not need it.
She fell asleep. I
didn't want to wake her.
- Well. that gives us
the time to catch up.
(Michelle sighs)
Megan's always
taking on too much.
I mean. I know that Sean's
new job has been hard on her.
but I didn't think she'd ever
find solace in a glue gun.
- I think she finds
crafting therapeutic.
- Do you?
(Michelle chuckles)
- Well. the wedding's tomorrow.
This'll all be over soon enough.
- Not exactly the
happy words of a bride.
- Something's up with Ben.
Just seems distracted.
- Well. maybe something is up.
Maybe that something has
nothing to do with you.
- Well. that's a
lovely thought. but-
- Ah. Then let's hold onto it.
If you think the
worst in people.
sometimes they live up to it.
But if you believe the best.
you often get the best.
Worth a shot. right?
- [Cara] Mm.
- Nothing like a hot
brat on a cold day.
- A well-dressed brat.
That's what sealed
the deal. you know?
- My garnishing skills?
- Mm.
I fell hard.
- And I fell for you.
'cause I feel like I
can tell you anything.
You know. it's funny.
we make plans based on
what we think will happen.
and then life just
throws us curveballs.
- What's on your mind?
- Just wanted this
weekend to go off
without a hitch. you know?
- And if you ask me. it is.
Hey. we're getting
married tomorrow.
in this place that
means the world to us.
But I'm interrupting.
I'm sorry. go ahead.
Is this about us?
- No.
It's about Sean.
- Sean?
- Yeah. he sent a
ring. to the hotel.
(Cara gasps)
And it might even be here now.
- He's gonna propose to Megan?
- Yeah. and I need your help.
- Of course!
(Cara chuckles)
(door opens)
What happened to your nap?
- Oh. studies say power naps are
just as effective
as traditional naps.
- Well. since you're refreshed.
what are the odds that Ben
and I could steal you away
for a sunset drink?
- You know. can we make
it a twilight drink?
I just have a lot to
do before trivia night.
- Better views at sunset.
- It's harder to get a table.
- Good thing we
reserved a fireplace.
(both chuckling)
I am not taking
no for an answer.
- I am busy because I love you.
- Oh. I love you too. but
love means a lot of things.
- Yes. it does. like sacrifice.
- Love is being there.
- And being accountable.
- Not to mention flexible.
- We could go on all
day. couldn't we?
- Not really. We have our
reservation at sunset.
(both chuckling)
Let me do this for you.
Just a couple of hours.
Megan. you are the
best maid of honor
that anyone could ever ask for.
And no one could be more
appreciative than me.
down to the very last-
(objects crunching)
Pine cone.
- That's okay.
It's okay.
(Cara chuckles)
(gentle music)
We've gotta be able
to find pine cones
somewhere around here.
- Well. hopefully.
on the speedy side.
don't wanna miss
our sunset drinks.
- Over there.
- What? We can't reach those.
- Of course we can. if
you give me a boost.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. we used to do
it all the time as kids.
Come on. come on.
- Oh. goodness.
I mean. the ground's
not exactly stable.
- Ready. one.
- This is bad.
- Two.
- Please. please. please.
- Three.
- Please. Oh.
(Megan grunting)
Boy. You got it?
- No. No!
(Megan grunts)
- Oh!
I'm losing...
(both screaming)
- [Megan] Oh!
- Would it be that awful
if two people didn't have
pine cone holders for
their place cards?
- I doubt they'll even notice.
(Cara sighs)
(pine cone clatters)
(both laughing)
(gentle music)
- [Ben] How's the
chocolate fondue?
- Perfect temp.
And for the record. I
did not sneak one bite.
- Liar.
Proud of you.
The champagne is chilled.
- Okay. Mom's on the way.
(cellphone chimes)
- And that's Daniel.
Okay. he's heading
over with the box.
- Great.
- Now. all we need is Sean.
- And Megan.
I'll go nudge her.
- You know what. Zoey? I am
done obsessing over the details.
If the dresses are ready.
just bring them up.
- Oh. they're ready.
Altered. paid for.
- So?
- I mean. they're gorgeous.
It's just a choice.
- I don't understand.
- How about I send you
a photo. just in case?
(camera snaps)
- Sure. sure.
Do what you gotta do.
You know what. Zoey?
I gotta get going.
Just bring the dresses
up in one piece. okay?
- All right. Okay.
- Hey. So. do I need my purse?
My coat?
Anything?
- No and no. just you.
Let's go.
- Okay.
(Cara laughs)
(door opens)
(cellphone chimes)
(cellphone buzzes)
(door closes)
- Hey. man. looking sharp.
- Yeah. well. I'm
really nervous. so-
- Don't worry about that.
Look. we've got it
all under control.
Getting Megan overseas with
you. that's what's important.
- I love your enthusiasm.
but that's a separate
conversation.
Megan's got like a
full-blown career.
and I just can't
swoop in and like-
- Oh. she'd go.
Hypothetically.
- What about the magazine?
- She can work remotely.
Not that she's asked
or looked it up.
(Ben chuckles)
(Michelle gasps)
The ring is here.
It's happening.
- [Sean] Guys. I
just had one thing
that I wanted to talk
to you about before-
- She's heading over. You
have your speech prepared?
- Yeah. Yeah. I've got it
prepared. but I just wanted to-
- She's here. act normal.
- Hey. guys. Sorry I'm late.
Mom?
Hi!
- Hi!
- [Megan] Hey.
- [Michelle] I was
just passing through.
thought I'd join you.
- [Megan] That's nice...
Sean. hi!
- Hey.
I wish I was there
with you in person.
where this all started.
- Hurry.
- Yeah. I'm trying.
- Okay.
- A few years ago.
we all had drinks
around the fire
for the first time.
Who would have thought
that it was a beginning
of something much bigger.
- Oh.
- And now...
(Cara gasps)
(box thuds)
- Cara. did you...
What are you doing?
- I am so thrilled to have the
honor of showing you (sighs)
the most beautiful pair of men's
cufflinks I have ever seen.
(Cara chuckles)
- Sean was worried they
wouldn't get here on time.
- [Cara] Oh.
- Look. they came. babe.
- They're here.
(Megan laughs)
- Yeah.
- Yay.
- One of several packages
that I sent to the hotel.
like I was trying to tell you.
- [Cara] Surprise. Ben!
(Cara chuckles)
- You got me!
- Yeah. and we were
all here to see it.
Cheers.
To the best friends
anyone could ever ask for.
- Cara. shouldn't we
pop the champagne first?
- Oh. Right.
That's why you're in charge.
Okay.
Perfectly chilled.
It's gonna be great.
Sean. I'm so sorry.
I don't even know what to say.
- I do. Blame me. I'm the
one who jumped the gun.
But thanks to your
quick thinking.
I don't think she
actually realized.
- [Sean] I'm sure the
ring will be there soon.
but the truth is. my
timing is way off.
- No. no. no. no. no.
- No. come on. Sean.
- [Sean] You two
are getting married.
Tomorrow!
Let's just focus on that. okay?
- All right.
- Sounds good.
- Thanks. man.
- [Sean] All right. I'll
give you a call later.
- So much for that.
- What's with the
squirrel cufflinks?
- It's a secret.
- A secret squirrel?
- Exactly.
- Do you wanna tell
me what it means?
- Wouldn't be much
of a secret if I did.
- Huh.
What's that?
A love letter?
- [Daniel] Read it and see.
- March 1948.
Dear Clara. I've just had
the most glorious
day at the lodge.
but a cloud comes over
me when I think of you.
Sadly. for some love stories
are simply not meant to be.
I fear that once lost.
trust is gone forever.
But don't despair. I
know you'll love again.
All my love. M.
(Cara sighs)
Deception. a tragic breakup.
- Go on.
- Oh.
I didn't know that Clara
was the perpetrator.
and Max the victim.
- And that's who sent it?
- Well. who else
could've written it?
(Megan sighs)
I mean. I gotta hand it to you.
I wasn't sure
about these shirts.
but we are gonna look
cute while kicking butt.
- Oh. yeah.
(Megan chuckles)
(Megan sighs)
- All good?
- Huh?
- You seem distracted.
- Oh.
- Please tell me it's
not craft-related.
- Oh. no. no. no.
It's just that...
Sean was acting a little odd
earlier today. don't you think?
- Weddings make
everyone emotional.
- Yeah. You're right.
Well. it's getting late.
I better head down there. make
sure everything's in order.
See you there?
- Yeah.
I'll grab my phone.
- Okay.
- Hello?
- Oh. hey. Ray.
- [Ray] Hey.
- I better see you
wearing one of these.
Trivia.
- Oh.
Oh. that's my color.
(both chuckling)
I'm just dropping off a
sentimental gift for Cara.
- Oh. Well. I'll
leave you to it. then.
- Dad.
- Hey.
- [Cara] Hey.
- Well. I heard sometimes
people sew a bit
of their mum's wedding dress
into the lining for good luck.
I wasn't sure what
part you'd want.
so I had the whole
thing cleaned.
- Dad. This is beautiful.
Thank you.
I forgot what an eye
for fashion Mom had.
- Yeah. she had a lot of gifts.
Well. I'll let you
get ready. then.
- Okay.
- Unless you wanna talk.
(Cara sighs)
What?
- It's just Ben is
being so secretive.
It's not what I imagined
for our marriage.
- If you're worried
about Ben. don't be.
Hey. I spent years analyzing
people for a living.
he's a good guy.
- Yeah. but good guys
keep secrets too.
- Well. so he's
not an open book.
That isn't always a bad
thing in a marriage.
Well. when I married your mom.
I took her to Waikiki
for our honeymoon.
She was so excited. "I can't
wait to go surfing with you."
We get there. and guess what?
- No.
(Ray laughs)
She couldn't swim.
- Bingo.
- Oh. no.
Well. she always
called it an epic trip.
- Yeah. spent in the shallow
end of the pool. but yes.
- Well. that's Mom for you.
She always glossed things
over to make people happy.
- Which. in a weird way.
helped us have a good marriage.
I'm just saying. sometimes flaws
can turn out to be virtues.
Just depends on
how you look at it.
- No. I get it. it's a dead end.
Just keep trying with
Aldera Creek. thanks.
(both chuckling)
- Yeah? You like it?
What's Aldera Creek?
- Nothing. Just a
company I'm researching.
- Oh? Why?
- I'm hoping they can
help me with something.
- With what?
- You know. five minutes
before a trivia contest.
you might wanna switch into
question answering mode.
- Yeah. well. I could
say the same about you.
(hand knocking)
- You ready for battle?
- Ready as I'll ever be.
(Michelle chuckles)
- Okay.
- [Zoey] Hey!
- Ah. brilliant. You
made it just in time.
- I didn't hear back
from you. so I figured-
- [Michelle] Hey.
Ben's on his way.
- Oh.
(Michelle chuckles)
Should I take these
up to your room?
- Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Call me superstitious.
but I don't want Ben
to even cross paths
with that dress.
Why don't you run them
to the front desk?
The valet can steam
away any wrinkles
that they got in the ride.
They'll be ready in the morning.
- Copy that.
- Oh. hey. hey. hey.
(Megan chuckles)
- Oh. right.
And put this on.
(Michelle chuckles)
- Okay.
- [Megan] Okay.
What do we have here?
- Okay.
It's all chilled. ready to go.
- Hey. you guys go
ahead. I'll catch up.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Just make me a plate.
All the good stuff goes fast.
Quick question. does the name
Aldera Creek mean
anything to you?
- No.
- I tell you what.
I'll write it down
in case you change your mind.
Alderra...
- It's just one R.
(Daniel sighs)
- So you do know it.
- Look. I'll tell you the
same thing that I told Ben.
it was on one of the mailboxes
behind the front desk.
way back when I was a bellhop.
- And now it's gone?
- Far as I know. they
haven't gotten mail in years.
- Huh.
Something about this name...
Mm.
Thanks.
- Okay. people.
who's ready to play?!
(guests cheering)
Welcome to Bride & Groom Trivia.
The event we've all
been waiting for!
Ooh. except for the
one tomorrow night.
- Right.
(guests laughing)
- Tonight. we will answer
the question that
all couples face:
How well do we know each
other. and who is right.
- Oh. I think we all
know the answer to that.
- Oh. we know who
talks a big game.
- And everyone. you're
more than welcome
to lay down the smack.
(guests laughing)
- Remember. you two
have to be in love
in the morning. so fight fair.
(guests laughing)
Okay. multiple choice:
What was Ben's most endearing
secret as a teenager?
A. loved polka music;
B. ate the same thing
for lunch every day;
or C. frosted tips.
Oh. and remember. all or
none are always on the table.
- None of the above.
If any of those were
true. I would know.
- Mm-hm.
- Sean would've told me.
(guests laughing)
- Mm.
- You wanna deliver
the bad news?
- Actually. it's C.
I swore Sean to secrecy.
(guests laughing)
- Of course.
Really?
- What?
- Frosted tips?
- Why can't I remember that?
- Well. you might've
thought they were natural.
I knew how to blend them.
- Oh.
- Wow.
- I don't believe that.
- That's negative
one for Team Bride.
- But it was well
worth the intel.
(guests laughing)
- Yes.
- Okay. moving on.
As a little girl. Cara
spent most of her time doing
A. daydreaming; B.
writing; or C. dancing.
- Easy. A. daydreaming.
Cara spins everything
into a mystery.
- Writing.
- No!
(guests laughing)
- And I still have her journals.
- I thought it was too obvious.
- That's a point for Team Bride!
(guests cheering)
- [Daniel] Oh. hey. Ms. Reneau.
Sounds like fun in there.
- Yeah. it's halftime.
Don't tell me you've got more?
- Oh. just some
finishing touches.
- Oh.
Did you do something to this?
It looks different.
- I replaced that
dusty old glass.
It's a miracle you could read
anything through it before.
- Well. apparently. I couldn't.
I thought the date
on this was 1948.
- The writer crosses
their sevens.
It's easy to confuse.
- Huh.
So this was actually
written in 1978.
- Mysteries of Clara Lake.
- Hm.
- That reminds me. I
mentioned Aldera Creek
to the guy who sorts the mail.
He said they still get
junk mail sometimes.
In fact. some came
for them this week.
- Excuse me.
- Oh. one sec.
Excuse me.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. sorry.
- How can I help you?
- [Man] Thanks.
Yeah. I was wondering
if you could...
(camera snapping)
- [Daniel] Right. yes.
Check out is actually at 11.
- And with a score of 12 to
10. the winner is Team Bride!
(guests cheering)
- Yes.
- Okay. everyone. stay warm.
and we'll see you all tomorrow
at the chalet for the big event.
- Woo!
(guests cheering)
- I'm not gonna
say it was rigged.
but there were a lot of
questions about boy bands.
Not to mention that Team Bride
must've been highly confident
to have the trophy
engraved in advance.
- Or we had two made.
(Ben chuckles)
- Can't out-detective the
mystery writer. can I?
- No. you can't. Actually.
I notice everything.
Like. when you said you
were busy with Camp Snow.
but the season closed yesterday.
What's really going on. Ben?
- Let's go someplace quiet.
(gentle music)
So that's where I'm at.
(Ben sighs)
Trying to get in touch
with Aldera Creek.
but. so far. radio silence.
- Well. thanks for telling me.
I just wish you
had told me sooner.
- I was trying to
wait for the story
to have a happily ever after.
Saving this place. for us.
for Camp Snow. for
future generations.
that would've been
the next chapter.
But unless I can find this
shareholder. it's a no-go.
- Well. what if I could help?
- How?
- Well. after you mentioned
the name Aldera Creek.
I asked around.
You know that they
used to have a P.O. box
here at the Lodge...
- Yeah. but Daniel
said they hadn't gotten
any letters in years.
- No letters. but what they
do get reveals their identity.
Junk mail.
- Hi.
That sounded like fun in there.
- It's quite the ramp up
for our big day tomorrow.
- Indeed. you two
had better rest up.
- First. I had a
question for you.
- About the new book?
- Not exactly.
What do you know about the
Aldera Creek Corporation?
- What do you know about it?
- Well. I know that their
sheet music catalogs
still come to the hotel.
Aldera Creek. it's you.
- I'm gonna tell you
what I told Weatherly.
I'm not interested in selling.
- Okay. but you should know.
this isn't just
another property to me.
My dad taught me
to snowboard here.
I went to Camp Snow.
and it belongs here.
I met Cara here.
Clara Lake is more than
just an investment to me.
To me. it's like home.
And if I'm in charge. I'll
make sure it stays that way
for everyone who loves it.
- It's always felt like
home to me too. Always.
- You're Max and Clara's
daughter. aren't you?
- Goldie's a nickname I
picked up along the way.
My given name. same as my
mother's: Clara Deeker.
- Same letters as Aldera Creek.
It's an anagram.
- She's good.
(Clara chuckles)
- But what about
the breakup letter?
- Well. in 1977. I did go
through a difficult breakup.
And my mother. the other
Clara. wrote the note.
She was right.
The very next month. I
met my future husband.
- So the M was for Mom. not Max.
But if your parents were
together all that time.
why weren't there
any pictures of them?
- They were private people
at a time when you didn't
need constant photos
and status updates to
prove you were in love.
But they were. oh. very much so.
You kind of remind me of them.
(Ben chuckles)
Quite the duo.
- Why didn't you just tell
me about your parents?
- I love a good story.
and yours was way better
than the real one.
(Clara chuckles)
(Cara chuckles)
You should write that book.
(Megan yawns)
- Uh-oh. you haven't gotten
the crafting bug too. have you?
- No. This is my mom's dress.
My dad suggested I sew
a piece of it into mine.
You know. to keep her close.
- That's a wonderful
way to honor her. Cara.
And fitting. seeing as how
she taught us how to sew.
- Well. you took to
it better than I did.
(Megan laughs)
I could never quite
get it down.
Oop.
- Here. let me.
- Okay.
Still trying to keep
your mind off Sean?
- Yup.
That's what
craftopia's all about.
- I know.
That's why I left you to it.
But you know what?
It's enough of this for tonight.
You need your rest.
- I do.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
(cellphone chimes)
(cellphone buzzes)
Oh. my phone. I've
been looking for it.
- Oh. no. no. no. no.
- No. no. it could
be work. it could be-
- Whoever it is. it can
wait till the morning.
- [Megan] Yeah. you're right.
(Cara chuckles)
(Megan chuckles)
- [Cara] There she is.
(cellphone chimes)
(cellphone buzzes)
(alarm ringing)
(Cara groaning)
- Wake up. Cara.
It's your special day!
(Megan chuckles)
(curtains rustling)
(winds blowing)
On second thought. why
don't you sleep in?
(Megan exhales)
- Mm.
(people chattering)
- The snow.
- I know.
- What are we gonna do?
- Okay. they get this
all the time up here.
I'm sure Daniel has a plan.
- Make sure that all the
guests are comfortable.
And then we'll let them know
as soon as the roads open.
- What if he doesn't?
- Oh. boy. Okay.
Come on.
It was a freak storm.
Way more snow than
anyone anticipated
for this time of year.
- Until further notice. the
roads from Seattle are closed.
- But the good news is the
chalet was dressed yesterday.
and the flowers
arrived last night.
- The photographer's local.
Hair and makeup is too.
- So everything's here?
- Well. not everything.
- Just tell me. Meg.
No sugarcoating.
- No cake. no DJ. no
shrimp. no Chateaubriand.
- So much for surf and turf.
- I know it's a lot to take in.
and everyone will get
it if you wanna wait.
- But if you're game. we have
a way we can make it work.
- It may not be exactly
what you had in mind...
- But at the end of the
day. it's your call.
- This is where it all started.
- I've waited long enough.
- And this is where
I'm getting married.
- I'm getting married today.
- Yay!
(both laughing)
(Megan chuckles)
- Exactly how much
bratwurst do you have?
'Cause we're gonna need it.
- Word is you've DJ'd a little?
- If you're asking if I'm
down to officiate and DJ.
you bet I am.
- I'm thinking fondue
pots at every table.
- These'll do the trick.
What icings do you have?
(group laughing)
- Exactly.
- Mm.
Okay. well. if you
will excuse me.
I have a ceremony and
a set list to go over.
- Thank you.
Oh. hey. Are we missing a troop?
Zoey's supposed to be next.
- Oh. yeah. I should
check in on her.
- [Ben] Hey. come on in.
- Yeah. the ladies seem like
they're busy for some reason.
so I just thought
I'd check in on you.
- It's much appreciated.
although my getting
ready routine today
is far less eventful.
Just gotta knot my tie.
and it's smooth sailing.
- Ah. You feeling nervous. Ben?
- About marrying your daughter?
Not at all.
Are you?
- Well. should I be?
- Well. what would
put you at ease?
- If you answered
me one question.
Do you promise to do
right by my little girl?
- Yeah. I do.
- Well. that's all that matters.
(Ray chuckles)
(Ben chuckles)
Listen. I know your dad passed.
and I bet he was a great dad.
Well. if you ever need
some advice. I'm around.
- Thanks. Ray.
That means a lot.
- Come here.
(both chuckling)
(hand patting)
Well. I gotta get
changed. I got this thing.
- Right.
(Megan sighs)
- Ah. there it is.
(hand knocking)
Oh.
Ah. I was just
about to text you.
- Steamed and ready!
- Great. Let me
help you with that.
(Megan sighs)
The wedding dress is purple.
- Technically. moonflower.
- And mine is white?
- Moonstone.
- Aria in moonstone.
Adella in moonflower.
Or was it Aria in
moonflower and...
Why don't they just call
these colors by their names?
- Welcome to weddings.
I mean. I thought
something might be off.
I sent you the picture.
- What pictures?
- The pictures I texted.
(cellphone chiming)
- Oh. no.
- What'd I miss?
Guys?
- [Zoey] I'm so. so sorry.
- Don't worry. Zoey.
we'll figure it out.
Yeah?
- Mm-hm.
- I'm okay. You okay?
Actually. I'm a little parched.
could you maybe grab
me something to drink?
- Yeah. do you want apple juice.
orange juice. grape juice...
(Cara groans)
- Okay. we will think
of something. right?
- Yep. yep. Yeah.
- We will think of something.
- Yes.
- Are you thinking of something?
- No.
- Okay.
- I'm so sorry. This
is all my fault.
I let down my guard
down for one second
and now the dress is purple and-
- No. no. You brought
backups for everything.
- Yes. yes.
- Did you bring
something for this?
- No.
- Okay. didn't think so.
(Cara sighs)
But someone else did.
- Someone else did.
- Yeah. well. one
thing is for sure.
these cufflinks fit perfectly.
- I took a wild
guess at your size.
(Ben chuckles)
- You know. with all
the chaos yesterday.
I haven't had the
chance to say thank you.
You have been the
best remote best man
I could've possibly hoped for.
- I suggest you take notes.
The roles may be reversed
sooner than you think.
- Really?
(gentle music)
- You look good.
You ready?
- I'm ready.
(Zoey sighs)
- Mom and Dad would be so proud.
(Cara sighs)
- Wow.
(Ray chuckles)
You're wearing Mum's...
- Mom came to the rescue.
(Cara chuckles)
It's almost like
she's here with us.
- She's always with us.
(Cara sighs)
I wasn't gonna cry.
- I told you. happy
tears are always welcome.
(Ray chuckles)
- Okay.
- You won't be the only one.
(Ray chuckles)
(Cara sighs)
- You ready?
(Cara chuckles)
Here we go.
(Cara sighs)
(gentle music)
(camera snaps)
- We are gathered here today
to witness Ben and Cara take
the ultimate leap
of faith: marriage.
And it's more than just a vows.
it's the choice to trust
the person you love.
to take their hand and
leap into the future.
not knowing what comes next.
And we hope for sunny days.
but we know the rain. and snow-
(all laughing)
- Will fall.
But that's life.
Ben. your vows?
- I think today's snowstorm
brought my first
lesson of marriage.
We can't control what
happens out there.
Things we take for
granted can disappear
in the blink of an eye.
But I know that it's easier
to face life's hiccups
when we face them together.
As a team.
- My dad's a detective.
I'm a mystery writer.
Questioning everything
is second nature?
But the one thing I've learned
I never have to question
is your love. Ben.
Thank you for everything
you've shared with me.
and everything you will share.
I'll always be ready to listen.
- By the power vested in me.
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
(guests cheering)
(upbeat music)
Okay. everyone.
who's ready to dance?
I feel so close to you right
now. it's a force field
I wear my heart upon my
sleeve. like a big deal
Your love pours down on me.
surround me like a waterfall
- [Cara] Ready?
- [Group] One.
Two.
Three!
(all cheering)
- Did you hear that?
- Did you see that?
(Cara laughs)
- Yes. I did.
(Megan laughs)
(Zoey laughs)
(glasses clinking)
- So no more secrets?
- Ever?
No. I'm just kidding.
(Cara chuckles)
No more secrets.
I promise.
- Can I put that to the test?
- Mm-hm.
- What's Secret Squirrel?
- That's Sean's nickname for me.
Apparently. I wasn't
always the most open book.
even to my best friend.
What?
- I'm just trying
to picture you.
This secretive.
frosty-tipped snowboarder.
- Subtle frosted tips.
- Right. of course.
(Cara laughs)
- Can I get
everyone's attention?
And now. it's time
to say our goodbyes.
and let the happy couple
finally have the
chalet to themselves.
(guests laughing)
(gentle music)
- So Greta realizes the
anagrams are leading her
to the one place even
the CIA can't find Brad.
his safe haven cabin.
So when she drives up. he's
chopping wood. waiting for her.
And he says. in his wry smile.
"What took you so long?"
- [Renee] I love it.
I'm laughing. I'm crying.
- [Cara] You are?
- [Renee] You did
it again. Cara.
I gotta run. but I
think you nailed it.
Now go enjoy your Sunday.
- Amazing. Thank you.
Oh.
- That was great.
- And. thankfully. over.
because I cannot
waste one more minute
of our one-day honeymoon.
(glasses clinking)
(Cara chuckles)
(hand knocking)
- Forgive me. but this arrived.
And after yesterday.
well. it seemed important.
- Thanks. Daniel.
- Ooh. Cherington Jewelers.
Another set of cufflinks?
- This might take
more than a minute.
- Well. for a cause this good?
I'll make an exception.
(g)
(door opens)
- Hey.
It gets better every time.
What are you doing here?
- It's a gorgeous day.
It'd be tragic not to hit
the slopes. don't you think?
Why the face?
- It's your honeymoon.
- I told you. this weekend
is about spending time
with everyone I love.
I promise. this is my last
request of you as maid of honor.
- Cara. I'm sure Ben-
- Thought this was a great idea.
No more excuses.
Go get changed.
(Megan chuckles)
- Okay.
(both chuckling)
Doesn't the mountain
look empty to you?
- [Cara] Oh. right. That.
Guess being the soon-to-be owner
of Clara Lake Resort
has its perks.
- Wait. what?
(Cara chuckles)
(Cara sighs)
- How do I look?
- You look good. buddy.
- Okay. I want to
triple-quadruple check.
you've got the ring?
- Yeah. Don't worry. it's here.
We gotta get it right this time.
we're out of cover stories.
- Okay. Oh. I see them.
they're coming up the lift.
(Michelle chuckles)
- Turns out that
Goldie was the key.
And once she heard Ben's
offer. she realized-
- That she couldn't refuse?
- Something like that.
- So Camp Snow can stay?
- And Clara Lake
will stay the same.
- [Megan] Wow. and all
of this was going on.
you didn't think to
tell me because...
- Well. it happened so fast.
Not to mention. a lot happened
while you were DIY-ing.
- Yeah. I was pretty busy. huh?
(both laughing)
- Bar up.
- Yup.
- Woo-hoo.
All right. let's make the
most of this fresh powder!
Ow!
- Oh. it's so good!
- Yeah!
Hey!
- Hey.
- What's all of this?
(Michelle chuckles)
(Cara chuckles)
Oh!
- Ha ha.
- Sean. hi!
- Maybe it's weird. but it
felt right to do this up here.
After all. this is our spot.
I started this speech
the other night.
so forgive me if
I repeat myself.
- I knew there was
something going on.
- Guilty as charged.
- Megan. when we
first started dating.
it felt like all
the puzzle pieces
finally started
to come together.
And now. being without you.
feels like a piece
of me is missing.
- I feel the same way.
I love you.
- I love you too.
I love that we make
each other laugh.
I love that you always
ask me about my day.
even though nothing
special happens.
I love that we
believe in each other.
I love that we like opposite
flavored jelly beans-
(group laughing)
Because we can split
the box perfectly.
For the record.
cinnamon is gross.
(group laughing)
- Hey!
That means it's
just more for me.
(both laughing)
- Most of all. I love
you for your patience.
You knew this job
would take me away.
but you loved me
enough to wait for me.
But I'm not as patient as you.
I can't stand to spend
another moment apart.
- Pretend I'm Sean.
- Okay.
(Michelle chuckles)
- Megan Marquart.
will you marry me?
- Yes.
- No. wait. What was that?
The first time was kinda
quiet. Could you say it again?
- Yes!
Yes. I will marry you!
(Cara laughs)
(Michelle laughs)
Oh. it's beautiful.
(Ben laughs)
- Yeah!
- Congratulations!
(Megan laughs)
- Oh!
- I'm so happy for you.
Oh!
(Michelle sighs)
(both laughing)
- You guys got married.
now I'm getting married.
- Best weekend ever.
- You said it.
(group laughing)
- You wanna go for a run?
- Absolutely.
Just don't run into
anyone. Please.
- Woo!
- Let's do it!
- [Ben] Well. it's all
downhill from here.
- [Cara] But it's
gonna be a great ride.
- Yeah!
- Woo!
(group laughing)
(group cheering)
(gentle music)